#Rekon

Visual browser for Basho's data store, riak, built as a riak app.

## Installing

### tl;dr
`curl -s rekon.basho.com | sh`

### Quick Install
Download and install using `curl -s rekon.basho.com | sh` or 
`curl -s rekon.basho.com | node=node-addr:port sh` to specify the node.

### Manual Install
Install locally using `./install.sh` or `./install.sh node-addr:port` 
to specify the node.


## Usage

Once installed navigate to http://node-addr:port/riak/rekon/go.  This will be
[http://127.0.0.1:8098/riak/rekon/go](http://127.0.0.1:8098/riak/rekon/go) if
you installed riak on a local riak node running on the standard port.


### Map/Reduce Jobs

M/R jobs can be run inside rekon. All jobs in the bucket rekon.jobs will be 
loaded and displayed by each key. Jobs are named with either a .map 
extension or a .red extension depending on their function. 

These jobs are automatically installed when running the manual installer.
Add the jobs inside the rekon source directory jobs. Erlang source should be
added to erlang. They will be compiled and output to /etc/riak/erlang. To
use these beams, you need to either add the following configuration to your
riak app.config under the riak_kv section:
  {add_paths, ["/etc/riak/erlang"]},

or from the attached console, manually add to a running riak's path:
  $ $RIAK/bin/riak attach
  > code:add_path("/etc/riak/erlang").

In the future, M/R jobs will be available for the full bucket.

## Credits
Adam Hunter - Original code base
Brian Lee Yung Rowe - Added renaming of keys, m/r jobs from rekon
